# FIFA18-Player-Data-Analysis
As a FIFA18 player myself, I wanted to take this opportunity to create a dashboard that I could use on a regular basis in order to analyze each individual player. There is a game mode in FIFA18 that allows the users to act as club managers, assigned with various tasks such as buying or scouting players. Each view in this dashboard allows the manager to search players around the world and analyze their unique skill-sets.
Team chemistry is a measure of how the players fit together in terms of nationality and primary position. When players are assigned to their natural position and grouped with other players with the same nationality, the chemistry increases. Dashboard users may filter and query players based on either position or country. I wanted to prioritize the size of the map since smaller countries would be difficult to select by the user.
Also, budget constraints are a priority as a football manager. Players must also fit into a team financially so I wanted to display the market value of each player and the wage each player currently earns.
The game engine relies heavily on each player’s skillset, which is reflected on their attribute ratings. I chose to display the overall, speed, dribbling, strength, and stamina of each player. These ratings transcend positions and correlated with how easily each player is able to be controlled by the user. And lastly, I created an action that opens up a YouTube search. When the user selects a player name in the Player Attributes view, the player name and the term “highlights” are searched. This allows dashboard users to visualize the playstyle for each player.
